[docs] [components/buttons] added Color customization for icon button (#34395)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/components/buttons/buttons.md

{{"demo": "IconButtonColors.js"}}

> > Note: You can only use 8 colors with color attribute `inherit | default | primary | secondary | error | info | success | warning`, which gives limited usability of colors. To bring more customization to color we can use `style` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info
> Note: You can only use 8 colors with color attribute `inherit | default | primary | secondary | error | info | success | warning`, which gives limited usability of colors. To bring more customization to color we can use `style` attribute.
:::
```

Using our Markdown callout notation instead of just a plain quote!
We'll probably need a copywriting fine-tuning here, so asking for @samuelsycamore's review.

Author: @danilo-leal do i need to make these changes at my end and open the PR again??

Reviewer: No need to open another PR! You'd just commit changes with alterations given in the PR review.

{{"demo": "IconButtonColors.js"}}

> :::info
> Note: You can only use 8 colors with color attribute `inherit | default | primary | secondary | error | info | success | warning`, which gives limited usability of colors. To bring more customization to color we can use `style` attribute.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To extend the color customization capacity, use the `style` prop with the `color` attribute.
```

Thanks for pushing these last changes! From reading it in context, again, I feel like removing it from the info callout makes sense. It's delivering key info. Also suggesting a bit of a simplified version of it.

{{"demo": "IconButtonColors.js"}}

> To extend the color customization capacity, use the `style` prop with the `color` attribute.

Reviewer 2: Here's how I would phrase this (if I'm understanding it correctly):

```suggestion
To apply custom colors not defined in the theme palette, use the `style` prop with the `color` attribute.
```
